{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Discussion Log \
Assignment Project 1 \
Name: Dahwal Charles \
\
\
1/31/20	40 minuets	After taking the time understanding the concept of using math operations 		within java it became a little less confusing. \
\
1/31/20	1hr	I watch a few YouTube videos to grab a deeper concept on math operations 		https://youtu.be/Lw1oMoJcfzM. \
2/1/20 	30 minutes 	I started to write out my code and kept working out the outline of the structure first then work with the calculations afterwards \
\
2/1/20 	10 minutes 	Had some issues with my java and it wouldn\'92t compile correctly but after sometime I figured out from going back into zybooks and corrected the situation. \
\
2/2/20 	1 hr 	took a look at the diagram provided to find the correct calculations for the areas 		of the small and large circles. Next I had a difficult finding the calculations for plants in 		the middle and each circle \
\
2/4/20 	2 hrs 	asked Nada for how to finding the calculations on finding the plants in the middle 		garden and also finding the sidewalk area as well. \
\
2/4/20 	15 minutes After grabbing the help from Nada went home and implemented the calculations to my code and one of the calculations worked but the other did not. \
\
2/6/20		10 minutes	Ran a trial run on my program and so far all Is needed was the cubic calculations. \
\
2/7/20 	30 minutes Went to PAL session to grab extra help for the calculations and successfully got it working. Which remained on calculation left which was finding the soil in the middle. \
\
\
I learned how to implement my math operations more accurately than I did before and gained some trial and error from it but learned how to cast the variables to a different data type in order to match the user input needs. }