{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Discussion Log \
Assignment Project 2\
Name: Dahwal Charles \
\
\
2/14/20	40 minuets	In the first part of the project I had to gather up the formulas of all the polygons and use order of operations for use in java\
\
2/14/20	1hr	I watch a few YouTube videos to grab a deeper concept on math operations 		https://youtu.be/Lw1oMoJcfzM. \
\
2/1/20 	30 minutes 	I started to write out my code and kept working out the outline of the structure first then work with the calculations afterwards used YouTube for reference https://youtu.be/bwyYgCGNOQ4\
\
2/15/20 	10 minutes 	Had some issues with my java and it wouldn\'92t compile correctly but after sometime I figured out from going back into zybooks and corrected the situation. \
\
2/21/20 	1 hr 	The conversions for angles to degrees was really hard to comprehend and realized I had to use the laws of cosine to find it. 
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
a^2 = b^2 + c^2 - 2bcCosA.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 							b^2 = a^2 +c^2 - 2acCosB.\cb1 \
\cb3 							c^2 = a^2 + b^2 - 2abCosC.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
2/22/20 	2 hrs 	Started to understand the syntax errors in my code and recorrected them with the proper methods of operations\
\
2/22/20 	15 minutes After grabbing the help from Nada went home and implemented the calculations to my code and one of the calculations worked but the other did not. \
\
2/22/20		10 minutes	Ran a trial run on my program and so far all Is needed was the angle to degree calculations. \
\
2/22/20 	30 minutes started working the final calculations for the rest of the polygons\
\
I learned how to implement my math operations more accurately than I did before and gained some trial and error from it but learned how to cast the variables to a different data type in order to match the user input needs. And understood how to convert angles into degrees by using the laws of cosine}